ew quarantine hobbies have unearthed new passions, some bringing with them a literal silver lining.
This year, backyard archaeologists in the United Kingdom have recorded discoveries of more than 47,000 objects, the British Museum announced this week.
Regular people found the vast majority of the historical artifacts by traversing the countryside with metal detectors, before adding or updating records through the museum's Portable Antiquities Scheme.
The British Museum said the program also saw an uptick in people updating digital records of antiquities while the country was under a full lockdown between March 22 and May 13.
That database contains records of more than 1.5 million objects discovered since 1998 by the general public rather than by professional archaeologists.
"It is brilliant to see the scheme growing from strength to strength during lockdown thanks to garden discoveries and digital reporting," said UK Culture Minister Caroline Dinenage, in a news release.
This list of garden treasures dug up this year includes a 13th century medieval seal, bearing a Latin inscription reading "David, God's messenger, bishop of St. Andrews."
The other major coin hoard, which held 63 gold coins and one silver coin featuring monarchs Edward IV and Henry VIII, was likely buried in the 16th century. It included coins bearing the initials of several of Henry VIII's wives, including Catherine of Aragon, Anne Boleyn and Jane Seymour.
Nearly 500 years later during the Covid-19 pandemic, residents rediscovered them while weeding in their garden.
Another amateur find during the pandemic was an ancient Roman furniture fitting made of a copper alloy, and clearly featuring the face of the god Oceanus.
That artifact, found in Old Basing about 50 miles southeast of London, dates as far back as the 1st century.
A new report from PAS shows some 81,602 objects added to the scheme in 2019, before the recent spate of lockdown treasure hunting, each of those items now coming under public ownership.
If the local authority defines the object as treasure, then it takes the find to the British Museum to be valued. The government then pays a fair market price to the discoverer.
The law is intended to allow national or local museums to ultimately acquire the historic treasures so that the overall public can benefit.
Even during the pandemic the Portable Antiquities Scheme's liaison officers have been able to reach out to finders and obtain relics of significance, Michael Lewis, who heads the program, said in the news release.
The mission continues to "ensure finds, important for understanding Britain's past, are not lost but instead recorded for posterity," he said.

Another person familiar with matter, who also confirmed the demand that the vaccine be authorized by the end of Friday, said President Donald Trump has been venting about the FDA chief since the vaccine was rolled out in the UK earlier this week.
The two men had a call Friday morning. A White House official said they do not comment on private conversations but the chief "regularly requests updates on the progress toward a vaccine."
Hahn quickly disputed the description of the conversation, which was first reported by The Washington Post, but the news is likely to raise additional questions about the extent to which Trump administration political interests are involved with the vaccine authorization process, and could undermine public confidence in the effort.Vaccine advisers to the FDA voted Thursday to recommend the agency grant emergency use authorization to the vaccine, and it's expected to be authorized imminently."This is an untrue representation of the phone call with the Chief of Staff. The FDA was encouraged to continue working expeditiously on Pfizer-BioNTech's (emergency use authorization) request," Hahn said in a statement Friday afternoon. "FDA is committed to issuing this authorization quickly, as we noted in our statement this morning."
Public health experts have been fearful all along that White House officials would put undue pressure on the authorization process and, in turn, compromise public confidence in the vaccine, a source close to the White House coronavirus task force told CNN.
This source said it's unclear why Meadows would make such a threat this late in the process and that authorization of the vaccine is expected at any moment. This person added that authorization could come by the end of Friday.
Dr. Moncef Slaoui, the head of the US government's effort to develop a vaccine against Covid-19, told CNN's Jake Tapper on "The Lead" Friday he was concerned about the reports' potential effect on undermining confidence in the vaccine's safety.
President-elect Joe Biden, in remarks Friday afternoon at an event announcing additional top administration picks, did not address the news of the Meadows demand to Hahn but urged the public to have faith in the vaccine and expressed gratitude "to the scientists and the public experts who evaluated its safety and efficiency, free from political influence."
"I want to make it clear to the public, you should have confidence in this -- there is no political influence," Biden said. "These are first-rate scientists taking their time looking at all of the elements that need to be looked at. Scientific integrity led us to this point."
Investigators with the Manhattan district attorney's office have interviewed several employees at President Donald Trump's lender and insurer in recent weeks as part of a wide-ranging investigation into the Trump Organization, according to multiple people familiar with the investigation.
Two employees of Deutsche Bank, which has loaned more than $300 million to the Trump Organization, were interviewed by prosecutors, according to sources familiar with the matter.
The questioning was not specific to the bank's dealing with the Trump Organization or the President, the people said, with one person adding that it was the beginning of the process. Additional interviews are expected in the near future, they said.
Prosecutors also interviewed at least one employee at Aon, an insurance broker who has done work with the President's company, according to one source familiar with the matter.
A spokeswoman for Aon confirmed the company received a subpoena and said it is cooperating with the investigation. The spokeswoman declined to comment on any employee interviews. Representatives for Deutsche Bank and the district attorney's office, led by Cyrus Vance, also declined to comment. Deutsche Bank was subpoenaed as part of the investigation last year and has said it cooperates with authorized investigations.
The New York Times first reported on the interviews with Deutsche Bank and Aon employees.
In court filings the district attorney's office has suggested the inquiry could involve tax fraud, insurance fraud and schemes to defraud its lenders. They also recently subpoenaed the Trump Organization for records relating to fees it has paid to consultants, including a payment made to a company controlled by the President's daughter, Ivanka Trump, according to people familiar with the matter.
Specifically, Cohen alleged the President inflated the value of his assets at times, including in 2014 when Trump submitted documents to Deutsche Bank as part of an attempt to bid for the Buffalo Bills football team. Trump never did the loan.
Cohen pleaded guilty to federal crimes, including campaign finance charges for facilitating hush-money payments to silence two woman's allegations of affairs with Trump. Trump has denied the affairs. Cohen is serving a three year prison sentence and was released to home confinement earlier this year due to the coronavirus pandemic.

